# **UTA-Projects-and-Work**
This repository contains all my work and projects from my time at UTA.

# **Course List**
* **CSE 1325 - OBJECT-ORIENTED PROGRAMMING**  
    _This section contains many assignments, but the main focus is the project, which was a library management system with a menu-driven interface through the command line. The MDI allows the user to list publications and patrons, add publications, videos, and patrons, and check in and check out publications, as well as open and save personal libraries for future use._

* **CSE 3311 - OBJECT-ORIENTED SOFTWARE ENGINEERING**  
    _This section contains a movie and TV show recommendation project, namely ***The Binge Spot***, I worked on with my team at the time. The website allows users to explore movies and TV shows through various sections, including Trending, Movies, TV Shows, Search, and our signature Movie Swipe feature. Our MovieSwipe feature sort of functions like TikTok, where a movie or TV show will be presented with information like the year, director/creator, where it can be streamed, cast, reviews, etc. Users can then decide if they want to swipe left or right to either skip to the next presented media or add it to their library. Users can also click on the media they find in other sections, view its information and details, and add it to their library from there as well._

* **CSE 3318 - ALGORITHMS & DATA STRUCTURES**  
    _This section contains assignments I worked on in data structures and algorithms. For the first assignment, I worked with linked lists, file handling, and conditional compile statements, as well as timing these actions using clock(). The second assignment is where I read a file into an array, ran insertion sort on that array, and printed the output along with the amount of tics it took to sort, which I input into an Excel sheet. The third assignment is a copy of assignment two, but it adds merge sort into the mix. Assignment four is where I build on the previous assignments but only use quicksort. I messed around with picking different pivots and verified how the results differed based on the pivot that was chosen. I then input those results into an Excel sheet to visualize my findings. For the fifth assignment, I read a file of graph information into the program and ran Dijkstra’s Algorithm on the graph to produce the path and the length/weight of the path between the starting vertex and any other vertex in the graph. For the sixth and final assignment, I created a hash table with the dictionary of my choice, which was One Piece, and read in a text file with characters and their attributes based on the struct defined in the program. The options presented to the user were to show all One Piece characters in the character index for a given letter, look up One Piece characters by name, print how many One Piece characters are in the character index, display the character index, add a new One Piece character, and delete a One Piece character from the character index._

* **CSE 3320 - OPERATING SYSTEMS**  
    _This section contains assignments that I worked on in OS. The first assignment is where I implemented a basic bash shell in C. The second assignment is where I implemented my own version of malloc, which is expected to be way slower than the optimized malloc we use in C. The third assignment is where I worked on the xv6 operating system and implemented three system calls as well as the bonus lottery scheduler. Finally, for the fourth assignment, we continued to work on the xv6 operating system. I implemented an encrypt and decrypt system call and tested it with files in the OS to verify it worked._

* **CSE 4310 - FUNDAMENTALS OF COMPUTER VISION**  
    _This section contains assignments I worked on in computer vision. The first assignment is where I played with color spaces and data augmentation. I implemented RGB to HSV and HSV to RGB and optimized those two functions. I also implemented random cropping, patch extraction, resizing, color jitter, and image pyramids. The second assignment focused on the CIFAR-10 dataset, where I used SIFT and HOG to extract features, detect those keypoints and descriptors, match the descriptors and plot them, save the extracted features to a file, and then evaluate the SIFT and HOG features using an SVM model. I then wrote a little report about my findings that contained my general comments, results found, and some questions that needed to be answered about the assignment. For the third assignment, I worked on the Imagenette dataset and implemented a basic CNN, the All Convolutional Net, regularized the basic CNN, and used Transfer Learning, which was fine-tuned with the CIFAR-10 dataset, all using PyTorch Lightning. I then wrote a report that contained my findings and best weights. For the fourth and final assignment, I wrote a motion detector given an mp4 of a parking lot with moving traffic. I first wrote the Motion Detector class that detected motion and would draw bounding boxes on frames that would have motion. Then I implemented the Kalman Filter class, which filtered out noise and kept track of worthy movement in each frame based on a predict and update function. Multiple objects would be tracked through the PySide6 GUI, allowing the user to step frame by frame, or they can skip 60 frames ahead._

* **CSE 4321 - SOFTWARE TESTING & MAINTENANCE**  
    _This section contains a project I and a friend worked on. The project focuses on testing and finding bugs in a given Java program. We had to create control flow graphs, list the test paths, derive test cases from the test paths, write and test methods, find and fix bugs, and generate code coverage reports. We used JUnit to make the test methods and generate the code coverage reports._